Did Robert Moses ever go to the Bronx Zoo and just look at the zebras? Did the Zebras ever go to the port authority bus terminal and just look at the people? Did the people ever go to the subway and just look at the rats and cats and gum and shit and debris and litter and wooden benches and bright Florescent Lights and Smelly smells and think to themselves “Hey! There has to be a way out of this subway! There has to be a way to get back up to the surface!” But then the mole people nursed them to health with the sweet elixirs of the caves - and upon waking from a nightmare - years later - in your cave - you exclaimed - “I am through with using dating apps” so you deleted tinder and Grindr and Binder and Donner and Blitzen but do you recall the most famous reindeer of all?     Reindeer are in fact domesticated caribou, they are smaller than the caribous. According to “ScienceNews.com” the Caribou migrate between 1,250 and 1,350 kilometers every year! And I thought my commute was bad. My commute is bad. My Commute is very bad. The reason that my commute is so bad is probably because of Robert Moses. Did you know that in the Bible - Moses had a severe stutter, and his brother Aaron had to do most of the speaking for him. Moses was pretty cool. Moses-Moses not Robert-Moses. Moses Moses Smell the Roses. Roses. Rooooooooooooooosssseeeeeeeesssssss. Aaaaaaarrreee a flower that grows plentifully in the subway, where I now live with my Mole-Boyfriend who I did not meet on the apps. I love apps - Jalapeño Poppers, Non Stop Droppers, Tater Totters, Grits, Bacon, Corn Beef Hash, Hash Browns, Home Fried Potatoes. You know it’s funny, I have never had home fried potatoes at home - I usually eat them at a restaurant. Do you know why we can’t have home fries at home? That’s right - Robert Moses. He really messed up a lot of things for a lot of people. One time I was standing on the corner and he came up and punched me in the FUCKING FACE - OH NO NOW THE CAPS ARE INVOLVED. JK. JK. JK. I wouldn’t do that to you. JK.com If you actually go to JK.com its some weird health insurance Tech site. I would think that JK.com would be more like Ebaumsworld.com or Worldstarhiphop.com or lemonparty.com its just got that dumb early internet name kind of feel. It could have been so wonderful if it just had bad flash games and hentai but it does in fact have a picture of a robot hand with the caption “Healthcare Empowered”. I bet no robots actually work there. I wonder if the robots ever go to the pet store to look at all the fish. I wonder if the fish ever go to Gristedes just to look at all of the rotting food. I wonder if the rotting food ever goes to the plastics and oils store just to look at the plastics and oil store. God - I am so tired. I am so TIRED. Just like a car. I bet cars get “Tired”. Is that dirty. I don’t know what’s dirty any more.  